I'm Tommy Carroll,
I've been skating since I was ten.
I was born with bilateral retinoblastoma,
which is cancer of the retinas.
And since it was caught late,
I was left blind by the age of two.
One of my favorite things is to wake up early
and get to the skate park before anyone else
because I can really use every inch of that place
and not have to worry about anyone being in the way.
And it really gives me a great time
to express myself on a board
and skate to the fullest of my abilities.
Falling is a skill you get good at,
just the same as getting good at the sport itself.
For me, protective gear is the difference between
being absolutely terrified while skateboarding
and being completely confident.
Anywhere I go skateboarding
all what I do is based on sound
and I'm always constantly using
the sound of my wheels
to check if there is anything in my way
get my sense of direction
all that kind of stuff.
I think what is really fun about skateboarding
is when you get something new and kind of scary
when you finally land that scary thing
and you feel that tension release
that's one of the better feelings --
one of the biggest adrenaline rushes you'll ever experience.
I feel like I can push myself
to the next level when I'm protected
try big tricks and not worry about getting hurt
I think everyone should know that
everything happens for a reason
and that there is always a way
to overcome an obstacle
if you really want it enough.